DOCSP-35892: Quick Start docs (#2721)
jenssegers/laravel-mongodb: docs/quick-start/configure-mongodb.txt

.. _laravel-quick-start-connect-to-mongodb:

=================================
Configure Your MongoDB Connection
=================================

.. facet::
   :name: genre
   :values: tutorial

.. meta::
   :keywords: test connection, runnable, code example

.. procedure::
   :style: connected

   .. step:: Set the Connection String in the Database Configuration

      Open the ``database.php`` file in the ``config`` directory and
      set the default database connection to ``mongodb`` as shown
      in the following line:

      .. code-block:: php

         'default' => env('DB_CONNECTION', 'mongodb'),

      Add the following highlighted ``mongodb`` entry to the ``connections`` array

>       in the same file. Replace the ``<connection string>`` placeholder with the
>       connection string that you copied from the :ref:`laravel-quick-start-connection-string`
>       step in the following code example:

Reviewer: S: not necessary, but could make sense to introduce the code example right after the first sentence ("Add the following highlighted..."), then move the sentence about replacing the placeholders after the snippet.

```suggestion
      in the same file:
      
      // code snippet
      
      Replace the ``<connection string>`` placeholder with the
      connection string that you copied from the :ref:`laravel-quick-start-connection-string`
      step.
```

Author: I think both ways can work and there are examples of both in our documentation. I'll keep this as-is for now; open to changing it if there are any strong opinions.

      .. code-block:: php
         :emphasize-lines: 2-6

         'connections' => [
           'mongodb' => [
             'driver' => 'mongodb',
             'dsn' => env('DB_URI', '<connection string>'),
             'database' => 'sample_mflix',
           ],

         // ...

>       .. step:: Add the Laravel MongoDB Provider

Reviewer: I: I think there might be an indentation issue with this step, since I don't see it on the staging page

Author: Good catch! Strange that this didn't report an issue in the autobuilder log.

>          Open the ``app.php`` in the ``config`` directory and

Reviewer: S:
```suggestion
         Open the ``app.php`` file in the ``config`` directory and
```

.. _laravel-quick-start-connect-to-mongodb:

=================================
Configure Your MongoDB Connection
=================================

.. facet::
   :name: genre
   :values: tutorial

.. meta::
   :keywords: test connection, runnable, code example

.. procedure::
   :style: connected

>    .. step:: Set the Connection String in the Database Configuration

Reviewer: I: per the [style guide](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/style/titles-and-headings/#capitalization), I think these steps should use sentence-style capitalization

Reviewer: Applies to the other steps/files too
